docs: add get started with MCP tutorial DOC-2598 (#10112)
spectrocloud/librarium: _partials/palette-mcp/_palette_mcp_cluster_profiles.mdx

partial_name: getting-started-mcp-cluster-profiles
---

<!-- vale off -->

<Tabs queryString="cloud">

<TabItem label="AWS" value="aws">

| **Pack Type** | **Pack Name**    | **Version** |
| ------------- | ---------------- | ----------- |
| OS            | `ubuntu-aws`     | `24.04`     |
| Kubernetes    | `kubernetes`     | `1.33.9`    |
| Network       | `cni-calico`     | `3.31.4`    |
| Storage       | `csi-aws-ebs`    | `1.57.1`    |
| App Services  | `hello-universe` | `invalid`   |
| Monitoring    | `cost-analyzer`  | `1.103.3`   |

</TabItem>

<TabItem label="Azure" value="azure">

| **Pack Type** | **Pack Name**      | **Version** |
| ------------- | ------------------ | ----------- |
| OS            | `ubuntu-azure`     | `24.04`     |
| Kubernetes    | `kubernetes`       | `1.33.9`    |
| Network       | `cni-calico-azure` | `3.31.4`    |
| Storage       | `csi-azure`        | `1.34.2`    |
| App Services  | `hello-universe`   | `invalid`   |
| Monitoring    | `cost-analyzer`    | `1.103.3`   |

</TabItem>

</Tabs>

Log in to [Palette](https://console.spectrocloud.com). From the left main menu, select **Profiles** and click **Import
Cluster Profile**.

> In the slide drawer that opens, paste the following JSON snippet for your cloud provider.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the **Import Cluster Profile** drawer, paste the following JSON snippet for your cloud provider.
```

The tech writers/UI designers decided on "drawer" to refer to anything that slides out from the side. Will discuss our consensus more in team meeting :)
